#summary Software Requirements Specification

= Introduction =
== Product Overview ==
*go-lan* should be stand-alone application capable to provide playing to Go in local area network. There are a number of servers that allow to play Go in Internet, but there is a lack of program working in local networks.

== Purpose ==
Main purpose of the program is tête-a-tête playing to Go.
Additional purpose is to share knowledge about Go by viewing others playing, commenting, reviewing parties.

== Scope ==
The program audience is the Go amateurs of any level of playing from the beginners up to high levels.
The program should also be used in contest of any levels.

== Reference ==
== Definitions and Abbreviations ==
*LAN* - local area network.

*KGS* - Internet server providing playing Go. [www.gokgs.com]. It is a reference of implementation custom feature if other is not required explicitly.
= Overall Description =
== Product Perspective ==
== Product Functions ==
== User Characteristics ==
== General Constraints ==
== Assumptions and Dependencies ==
= Specific Requirements =
== External Interface Requirements ==
=== User Interfaces ===
=== Hardware Interfaces ===
=== Software Interfaces ===
=== Communications Protocols ===
=== Memory Constraints ===
=== Operation ===
=== Product function ===
=== Assumption and Dependency ===
== Software Product Features ==
== Software System Attributes ==
=== Reliability ===
=== Availability ===
=== Security ===
=== Maintainability ===
=== Portability ===
=== Performance ===
== Database Requirements ==
== Other Requirements ==
= Additional Materials =