#summary Contains requirement for product from user's perspective

= Введение =
Цель go-lan - позволить пользователям поиграть в Го в локальной сети.
Пользователь должен иметь возможность начать новую игру, подключиться к уже созданной партии чтобы играть или смотреть.

= Сохранение =

Пользователь должен иметь возможность сохранить игру в любой момент в формате SGF (и возможно в других
форматах) чтобы впоследствии востановить состояние игры.

= Пользовательский интерфейс =
Basic UI should be standard (Windows Forms or WPF).
Optionally there could be additional visualization modules DirectX, OpenGL, etc.
User interface should support all the feature provided by engine in the given mode.

== Field Visualization ==
The game field should be visualized by one possible way to understand. It means:
 * Ko-position should be highlighted (if applicable)
 * Last move should be highlighted
 * It possible to mark the stones with number of move when the stone was placed.
 * During scoring the result, the territory should be marked by the colors according to that player whom the territory belongs.
 * During scoring the result, the death stones should be marked.

== Game Controls ==
The following controls should be available during the game:
 * Pass move - perform pass. It tho players passed sequentioanaly the program moves to finishing stage.
 * Review - if one player ask, and other agree, then program moves to review mode. Player who asked, becomes reviewer.
 * Pause - it one player ask, and other agree, then program hides the field and stops the timer.

== Review Controls ==
 * Controls to move around game tree: tree map. next, prev, begin, end
 * Continue game - players come back to playing mode

== Communications Controls ==
 * Chat

= Roles =
The people that interact with program could be separate to the following roles:
 * Challenger - the person who want to play
 * Player - the person who play party with the second player. Both players are peers.
 * Viewer - the person who view the party or reviewing.
 * Reviewer - the person who demonstrate the party with variations.

= Modes =
Program should have 2 modes: playing and reviewing.

== Switching ==
User could switch from one mode to other in any time and multiple time during session.
Switching from playing to reviewing is allowed only when 2 players agree to do that.
Switching from reviewing to playing is initiated by reviewers. He should select one reviewer to be the second player.

==Playing==
In playing mode there are 3 stages:
 # preparing - 2 Challengers are arranging the details of rules of party and start the game.
 # playing - 2 Players are playing in their order. Viewers could locate existing party and look at the game. It's possible to switch to review mode if one player initiate this process, and other agree. In this case, game timer is stopped. Timer could be restored only in the stop point.
 # finishing - 2 Players stop playing and solve the score. If the are not agree, they could continue playing.

==Reviewing==
Reviewer could move around existing game tree, or make some moves, or to set mark to the field. In any time reviewer could start mini-playing session (without timer) with one of the viewers.